Add toner handling (#493)
ocf/ocfweb: ocfweb/docs/docs/staff/procedures/toner-handling.md

[[!meta title="Recycling Used Toner"]]

> OCF goes through toners quite fast, due to the heavy volume of printing from our users. In the past, we've let it accumulate inside the storage room which resulted in accidental toner spillage. The following document contains how to recycle the toners and hope to encourage rapid removal of the toners from OCF space.

Reviewer: who should be responsible for disposing toner, or ensuring it is disposed?

Author: Hmm this, I wanted to maybe delegate this task to opstaff during next contract negotiation, given we are using the UPS pickup service or having it dropped off at the copy center in Moffitt library. I'm icky on delegating this to opstaff to recycle it at the staples since it's far and would ideally require a car.

If staffers were to do it, then we might want to delegate it to Interior Dept.

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense for staffers to do it, as long as they actually do it.

You would need to pay opstaff for the time to take it to wherever they need to take it. And that means they wouldn't be at the desk.

## Options to dispose the toners

> * We can dispose the toners by returning them to [Staples](http://rewards.staples.com/SRC/faqs.do) down at the Shattuck Ave. They give us $2 Staples rewards per toner, and there is maximum limit of 10 toners per month.

Reviewer: Do we need to supply our Staples rewards account? Should give info about where to find that information.

Reviewer: Also, should mention things we can buy staples rewards with (snax) to make it more incentived

Author: ty, that's a good info to document

> * We can dispose the toners by returning them to [Staples](http://rewards.staples.com/SRC/faqs.do) down at the Shattuck Ave. They give us $2 Staples rewards per toner, and there is maximum limit of 10 toners per month.

Reviewer 2: What is the Staples link supposed to be? It seems to go to a weird page that isn't really specifically helpful.

Author: The link takes me to a page where it describes $2 rewards recycling program. They don't seem to have a specific landing page for the program.

Having said that, this might be a better link than the current one: https://www.staples.com/sbd/cre/marketing/sustainability-center/recycling-services/

> * Copy Center at Moffitt Library would accept our toners that are individually sealed in a garbage bag.

Reviewer: Where is the copy center exactly

[[!meta title="Recycling Used Toner"]]

OCF goes through toners quite fast, due to the heavy volume of printing from our
users. In the past, we've let it accumulate inside the storage room which
resulted in accidental toner spillage. The following document contains how

> to recycle the toners and hope to encourage rapid removal of the toners from OCF space.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to recycle the toners in hope of encouraging rapid removal of the toners from OCF space.
```

> to recycle the toners and hope to encourage rapid removal of the toners from OCF space.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to recycle the toners in hope of encouraging rapid removal of the toners from OCF space.
```

> OCF staffer should keep an eye out for the accumulation of the toners, and proactively

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OCF staffers should keep an eye out for the accumulation of the toners, and proactively
```

> OCF staffer should keep an eye out for the accumulation of the toners, and proactively

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OCF staffers should keep an eye out for the accumulation of the toners, and proactively
```

recycle the used toners as soon as possible.

## Options to dispose the toners

* We can dispose the toners by returning them to
[Staples](https://www.staples.com/sbd/cre/marketing/sustainability-center/recycling-
services/) down at the Shattuck Ave. They give us $2 Staples rewards per toner, and
there is maximum limit of 10 toners per month. With the rewards, we can purchase

> snacks and etc from Staples.

Reviewer 2: Staples has snacks!?

Author: Yeet! ty for the grammar fixes, if there's more let me know
